So far so good.
So we have our now.
Button.
Well what else are we looking for.
We also would want to Navarre correct.
Because once I click it I'm gonna get my number and then I can navigate to a different page.
This would be the home page.
And also I have the skills.
So this is gonna be my skill section as well as product and about how I'm not going to show you about
you understand the idea.
But we would want to have the Napper now with this number.
There's also gonna be a little bit of different setup because there's gonna be a few things here as
we're opening the now bar and if we're gonna be on a smaller screen or wanted to take it the whole with
the screen or as our screen size gets bigger we're gonna make the NAB bar smaller as well as we're gonna
make it obviously able so we can close it and open up to now.
And in this case this there is gonna be a little bit of more code.
And why don't we start working on it.
Well first all we have to now button and then right after the NAV button we're gonna be looking at our
number within the now bar first.
We're gonna have the NAV element now it's gonna be our name of semantic element with few classes.
We're gonna have the class of Navarre as well as the idea of Navarre.
And again this is just used for JavaScript.
So we'll make sure if you will gonna be using JavaScript then you have these ideas.
However I want you to know that if you don't let's say understand JavaScript or anything like that you
can just copy and paste the code or just use the code from the lecturer resources.
So please don't be worried even if you're going to mess up something here it doesn't matter you can
just get the correct code from the resources.
But if you will gonna mess it up on your own end meaning if you're going to try to code with me within
javascript then most cases that will happen is that people just misspelled their I.D. or something like
that.
And so that way if you are trying to write the javascript code with me then make sure that those ideas
actually match what I'm writing.
Anyway long story short make sure that they had these match within the Navarre let's do maybe header
and within the header we're going to be placing our close button.
So when we say now bar header and here I would like to have this power span is gonna have the class
again and can I use the close as well as the idea of close.
So now close.
And the idea of NAV flows so something like this.
And then within the span again I would want to use the font awesome.
So it's a I that is I have a times.
So we would need to have a times and hopefully this is gonna work.
So we have times and then more and we say.
Yeah we have our header lastly we still have a lot of work to do in the CSM But for now at least we
have the header right after the header not within the header but right after the header we can write
we unordered list and then would know within the UN or list we could maybe go with class of NAV items
and then within the items we could have a list item with no class actually we can leave the last blank
but we're gonna place our links and again for now these links are not going to be working apart from
indexation email but we're gonna set up those different pages later.
So let's say here with a class I would want.
Now link for my links and then just write home.
And now I would like to copy and paste them because I would want four of them.
And in this case we're just gonna have to change the values.
So I'm going to select all these values here just like that and then we're gonna write that the second
page is going to be skills then we have about then we also have the product and you know what we also
need obviously change these pages which don't exist anymore or not anymore not yet.
Interesting mouth skills then we're having about page.
This is gonna match and we do need to ADHD email so make sure you do the image email.
And here we're also gonna have product product and you know what.
Let's add the quotation marks thing that way is just gonna work out a little bit better.
So for now this button obviously is covering it.
But we're going to fix that in a second.
Oh what else we need.
Well we need to house is hers.
Then we're gonna head over whereas the now more and we're gonna start adding our styles first and foremost
let's start working with a number because I do want it position fixed and again depending on the screen
size we are gonna be changing the width.
So first and foremost let's do position.
Position is maybe be fixed.
So so far so good.
And if I would want this position fixed to take up the whole screen I can deal like this.
I can say top is going to be zero left is gonna be zero.
Right.
It's gonna be zero and you guessed it the bottom one is also going to be zero.
So I mean right bottom.
And that should be zero.
The moment we're gonna save it for so we're not gonna be able to see anything.
Now what is again the reason for that.
Well we do need to use this index and in this case I'm not going to use design index of one.
I'm gonna use the z index of two and reason for that is because I would want this nav bar to be covering
whatever I have within it but I also would want to have some kind of background.
So background is gonna be I don't know main grey that I think should work out and yeah there's gonna
be a number so far so good.
What else we would want.
Well let's do pairing top and in this case looking at I don't know putting it up one hour Yeah this
is gonna work out padding left is gonna be what say to our having left to our arms so this is gonna
push it away from the side and then we also see these annoying list items and then we're gonna fix that
literally in a second.
However before we do anything I do want to add a transition because as we're gonna be closing and opening
the number we would want to do it.
So it actually happens fluidly not right away but with our usual transition.
So we already know how to do that.
We're looking for the main transition and now let me add the comment that we're all going to be working
a little bit with transformation.
So let me write transform.
Just in case I forget.
And after that I'm going to be working with nav close.
So right now I've closed so that is gonna be Horrocks here and here for this guy.
We're gonna say font size is gonna be to our AMS So it will gonna be bigger as well as we're gonna have
a cursor point.
Not too much stuff.
I think that's gonna do okay.
Like I said Now I'd like to get her off this list of type of items I believe that was our unknown list.
And here we said that we would want list style type and we'd just set it equal to none.
And hopefully this is going to work out.
And I think it does what else we have.
We have the link remember in the annexation email we added this link with the class of now.
So I don't wish to style it when I was say nav link but for the novel link I would want it to be display
in block not inland log but display block because remember this was in general right away displayed
in line by default.
So I always say display block.
So now our links are going to be spanning all across.
First of all as I'm hovering over anywhere over the link I'm going to be able to click on the link.
So that's first of all.
Now second I would want a bigger some font size so too are you.
I'm just gonna do text transform and go with an upper case.
Color is gonna be primary color primary color.
It's gonna be green.
And then we're gonna add also a transition because as I'm hovering over the links I would want to have
a little bit of an effect.
So let's see here.
I'm gonna have this little padding moving to the left.
So why don't we have that.
Why don't we say again transition.
And since this is not our first rodeo I'm going to be kind of skipping that because we have done quite
a few of them so they should be already feeling very comfortable.
And then we have the main transition as well as we'd like to set up to our effect.
So let's say here and have link and as we're hovering.
Something should happen.
So let's say here like this nav link as we're hovering the NAV link is actually going to have a dark
color.
So going you use the main dark as well as we're gonna add a little bit of padding to the left.
So that's gonna be our effect powering to the left is gonna be let's say zero point five grams.
And now we have successfully almost done.
However I would want to set up the media query like I said that once we get to a bigger screen size
then we're gonna have only this much space with a number.
However if this is going to be smaller then the number is going to be taking the whole page.
And for this we're gonna use the media query some say media screen and let's say like this let's say
and and men with and then basically starting from what kind of screen.
So I'm gonna say man with it is gonna be so and pixels.
So starting from that screen size I do want to work with the number and for my nav bar I'm going to
say that starting from that screen size I'm going to have 30 view widths so 30 percent on the screen.
However I want to make sure that the max with is always gonna be 20.
So it never is gonna get any big.
And yeah this is gonna be the setup.
However there is one thing that I need to obviously mention is that by default I don't want my name
to be show.
So originally I would want my number to be hidden and then we're going to set it up with the javascript.
The moment we click on one button and the second button then we can close it and open up the tab.
So in order to do this I'm gonna head over back to the nav bar and we'll add the transform and what
I'm going to say is gonna be transformed.
And then we have an option of translating.
Now remember we had translate x.
So what if I would move a hundred percent.
What that means is that my Navarre is going to be totally moved out of the site the moment I'm gonna
save it.
There is no no that's it.
We cannot see the net.
What's gonna happen though is later on as we're working obviously with our buttons and everything then
we're gonna be able to see the number we can add.
Hundred percent like this where we can do a hundred negative doesn't really matter what you're doing
is you're just hiding the number either the right hand side on the left hand side.